do not
and also
the
for
I want to see
and so
where every time
ah
the power you were not going to power
If it makes me very happy to be able to collaborate
a granite with the neighborhood hospital
both vocation and those of the rainbow
they are two very important institutions
for the mouth community and the
social mouth work to be able to contribute
some devices that something better the
hospital had need of or help
in the building part we put
happy and it is an obligation is a
obligation of our club from our
mouth social department from now
from the foundation of social mouth start to
work with the different entities that
are in the neighborhood in this case as
well you said what we did was a
donation of a study material
doctor mainly a team
intended for the ocular study of
newborn boys that determines the
prevention for future blindness and
also at the same time another team
intended for the lactation to which also
we contribute to reform not so it was
a combo of actions that allowed him
to the hospital to have a little better
terms
to the public to the machines
extractors of breast milk that
help for the baby to continue receiving
milk when they can not can not
breastfeed because they are premature because
they have some pathology that they do not
suck this and then with the theme of
bottom of the eyes of the boys
we have a device that is already
quite worn quite old and this
well it helps a lot because beyond
make them
and that treatment here in
help the kids from outside
therefore